#Morgan Stanley Interview Questions


#Coding round questions

How do you find the missing number in a given integer array of 1 to 100?
How do you find the duplicate number on a given integer array?
How do you find the largest and smallest number in an unsorted integer array?
How do you find all pairs of an integer array whose sum is equal to a given number?
How do you find duplicate numbers in an array if it contains multiple duplicates?
How are duplicates removed from a given array in Java?
How is an integer array sorted in place using the quicksort algorithm?
How do you remove duplicates from an array in place?
How do you reverse an array in place in Java?
How are duplicates removed from an array without using any library?
      
#Technical Interview Questions

Bubble Sort

Count numbers from 1 to n that have 4 as a a digit

Heap Sort

Largest even number possible by using one swap operation in given number

Minimum number of distinct elements after removing m items

QuickSort

Remove duplicates from sorted array

Swap Kth node from beginning with Kth node from end in a Linked List

Write your own atoi()

Count ways to reach the n'th stair

Dynamic Programming(  Knapsack Problem)

Dynamic Programming (Maximum Sum Increasing Subsequence)

Find day of the week for a given date

Find the minimum element in a sorted and rotated array

Find minimum number of coins that make a given value

Find next greater number with same set of digits

Greedy Algorithm(Activity Selection Problem)

Largest subarray with equal number of 0s and 1s

Maximum Product Subarray

Given an array of integers(both positive and negative), you have to compute the minimum value of abs(sum of all numbers) You can change the sign of any element any number of times.

#DBMS

SQL statements and what they do, and write a simple SQL query

what tables would you like to used for online shopping like flipkart. He asked the the primary keys for every table and foreign key if there are any.
He then asked me about mapping of these keys and what type of mapping to be used here(one to one, many to many or many to one).
Operating System

Multithreading and its examples

#Miscellaneous

Projects and Internship
There are billions of URL given. Come up with a efficient data structure that returns ip address of these urls.
Print the boundary of a tree.
Database Management System
Given a large stream of strings, return the top 10 most frequently occurring string . (Hash map + min heap of size 10 is the solution.)
Trie data structure
